
what are the strenths/pros of this person in terms of culture & competence?

Willingness to take initiative, along with his communication and organizational skills, are three of his biggest strengths. He is able to help manage multiple projets/developments. He works by making sure all team members understand the strategy and agree on the style and message he wants to convey. He keeps team members up to date with positive and constructive feedback and encourages team members to give feedback. He does not hesitate to communicate socially with his team members. I believe this helps him establish a personal connection with the team while keeping communication easy and productive. I believe he knows know how important establishing quality relationships with the team and I feel I would fit into your climate well. As a last word he is very curious and life long learner kind of person.

what are the development areas/cons of this person in terms of culture & competence?

The aspects it needs to improve are over-engineering and sometimes trying to solve problems alone. He tends to be a perfectionist, but I believe he can strike a good balance between perfection and completion in time.


He has experience in freelance projects and different companies with C/C++, Python, Go and JS languages.
He has experince with relational databases such as Postgresql, NoSql databases such as MongoDB and Elasticsearch.
He has experience with RabbitMq as a messaging software and with Gitlab as a CI/CD pipeline and kubernetes.
He has experience with Django and flask frameworks in Python, Gin Fiber frameworks in Go, and React framework in JS.
He has experience with building RestFull Api, gRPC servers, micro services and singeleton applications.
He has TDD skills in Python and Go languages ​​and has experience in system/performance monitoring with Datadog, Aws and GCP platforms.
Hi has deep knowledge about OOP, Design Patterns, Clean Code, Craftsmanship culture, Refactoring and Unit Testing.
He is a person who knows agile methodology well, has experience with agile methodology and can speak English at a professional level.

